Hurry up and get the reward.
Ah.
Mom.
The princess came to ask for her life.
Princess Yao
It's not the enemy.
Yao fei dressed in delicate phoenix wearing a simple dress to gain the emperor's favor.
Of course the princess won't let me go.
Fourth of July, listen to your mother.
Mom, you're hiding inside with me.
Come on.
Four Happiness
I blame you for not being brave.
Only received gifts from the noble in the palace.
Save the dowry for you.
Four Happiness
block
Come on.
You listen to your mother.
No.
Mom.
You listen to me.
Four Years
Mom.
You listen to me.
The Queen spared her life.
Why don't you come get the prize?
Now we know it's caused a murder disaster.
You used to help that bitch.
Now he is forced to one head.
What crime?
The Queen spared her life.
Give the woman half a month.
People's women will definitely make a more splendid embroidered dress.
Half a month
Now I want to be a princess.
What can you do?
Stupid people.
Blame it.
You're on the wrong team.
Help the wrong person.
Pandehai took him on his way.
Ah.
Don't.
Who's killing people here?
Princess.
The Queen
Help me.
Master
This is the woman vying for your favor.
She said that Lady Yao was gentle and kind.
She will save my mother.
For the sake of her vying for the favor of the palace.
Give her death.
Leave all the bodies behind.
Yes.
Go check it out.
Does this embroidered woman have any children?
Yes.
If the watch is found
One does not leave.
The trouble has decided.